Docs: Explain setting Git Sync folder permissions manually and with Terraform (#128847)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/as-code/observability-as-code/git-sync/permissions-grafana.md

- **Permissions don't sync to Git.** You set them per Grafana instance. Every instance that syncs the same repository shares the same folder UIDs (from `_folder.json`), so you can apply the same permission definitions to each instance.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
To safely modify permissions, each provisioned folder must include a `_folder.json` metadata file with the folder's UID. Without this file, the folder's UID is derived from its repository path, so folder permissions can be lost if the folder is moved to a different path in the Git repository.

For folders created from the Grafana UI, the metadata file is added automatically. If your folder is missing the metadata file, the UI shows a warning with instructions on how to add it. Refer to [The Git Sync folder metadata file](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/as-code/observability-as-code/git-sync/use-git-sync/#the-git-sync-folder-metadata-file) for details about this file and why it exists.
{{< /admonition >}}

You can set folder permissions manually or as code. In both cases, apply them only after Git Sync has created the folders.

#### Set permissions manually

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set permissions manually with one of these options:
```

Use [`grafana_folder_permission_item`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/folder_permission_item) to manage a single permission entry. This is additive, so it only manages the entries you declare and leaves other permissions untouched:

```terraform
# The UID comes from the folder's _folder.json metadata file ("metadata.name").
locals {
  team_platform_folder_uid = "team-platform-abc123"
}

resource "grafana_folder_permission_item" "team_platform_editor" {
  folder_uid = local.team_platform_folder_uid
  team       = grafana_team.platform.id # an existing team
  permission = "Edit"
}

resource "grafana_folder_permission_item" "team_platform_viewer" {
  folder_uid = local.team_platform_folder_uid
  role       = "Viewer"
  permission = "View"
}
```

Alternatively, use [`grafana_folder_permission`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/folder_permission) to declare the full set of permissions for a folder in a single resource. This resource is authoritative: any permission that isn't listed is removed when you apply the configuration.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Don't manage these folders with the `grafana_folder` resource—they're owned by Git Sync. To avoid hardcoding UIDs, read them from the `_folder.json` files in your repository, or look them up with a [`grafana_folder` data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/data-sources/folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These resources are owned by Git Sync. Don't manage these folders with the `grafana_folder` resource. To avoid hardcoding UIDs, read them from the `_folder.json` files in your repository, or look them up with a [`grafana_folder` data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/data-sources/folder).
```
